--(MLO) helps implement and manage such pipelines
 as smoothly running workflows from start to finish.
writing  automated tests  for   each   module . 
-- typical ML pipeline  and the purposes: 
Data featurization :   need to implement feature stores
ML model training :  
Model evaluation :  model is re-deployed on a regular basis,
 we need to ensure a newly trained instance performs better,
 or at least as well as, the established model.
Model saving :
Model monitoring:  Signaling  if    something    is  wrong and 
need   for the   retraining 


--in gemeral   ml  prodcutions   consists   of   3  :
1   model dveelopemnt 
2   operations  :  making  all scalable ,reliable .
3   orchestra : scheduling , versioning ,  monitoring , 
Governance. 
 
 --questions before productions : 
 1 What does the pipeline look like and  data flow  ?
 2 How does the ML pipeline 
 fit into our other production services/systems? 
 3 training environment vs production env? 
 4 Will our model still work well when 
 we go from thousands of data records to hundreds of thousands?
 5 How available is the service to the end?
 6 What can go wrong with the ML model in its production environment?

 --  only   answering   on  those   questions   
 you  staRT  working 
 -- eight components to orchestrating :
.Scheduling : retrain the  model  or  even  some   modules.
.Syncing   :   which  making   sure that   order 
async  and  sync   parts  work well .   
.CI/CD and testing:   automated  tests  and  integrationa  with  deploy  are   very   important 
.Saving & versioning: 
.Retention and cleanup schedule: keep  only  relevant artifavcts  and 
model   versions  and   clenup   .  so  automate  it .   
so the  feature  and  model  store  have  space . 
.Monitoring  :   you  monitor   3  : 
1   model  perfomance 
2  data  drift 
3  concents drift
.System health and reliability tracking:
.Governance and Observability:So far we’ve discussed how a production ML pipeline works,
 but not how to know or what to do when it doesn’t. 
 HAVE  seesvral pipelines  for  backuo  the    base model.
 